Promote filter building APIs (#316)
iTwin/presentation: .changeset/gorgeous-sloths-hang.md

---
"@itwin/presentation-components": minor
---

Promoted some `internal` APIs to `beta` that might be required to build filters using presentation data:

> - `usePropertyInfos` - for getting property list based on supplied Descriptor.

Author: Fixed

> Promoted some `internal` APIs to `beta` that might be required to build filters using presentation data:
> 
> - `useInstanceFilterPropertyInfos` - for getting property list based on supplied `Descriptor`.
> - `PresentationFilterBuilderValueRenderer` - custom renderer for value input. It renders unique values selector for `Equal`/`NotEqual` rules and handles units.
> - `PresentationInstanceFilter.fromComponentsPropertyFilter` - for adding presentation data to `PropertyFilter` built by `usePropertyFilterBuilder`.
> - `PresentationInstanceFilter.toComponentsPropertyFilter` - for stripping out presentation data from filter for usage with `usePropertyFilterBuilder`.
> - `PresentationInstanceFilterPropertyInfo` - data structure defining property used in filter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Promoted some instance filtering - related `internal` APIs to `beta`:

- `useInstanceFilterPropertyInfos` - for creating a property list based on supplied `Descriptor`. The property list is necessary for rendering the `PropertyFilterBuilder` component from `@itwin/component-react` package.
- `PresentationFilterBuilderValueRenderer` - a custom renderer for property value input. It renders unique values selector for `Equal` / `NotEqual` rules and handles unit conversion on top of the general value input.
- `PresentationInstanceFilter.fromComponentsPropertyFilter` - for adding presentation data to `PropertyFilter` built by `usePropertyFilterBuilder`.
- `PresentationInstanceFilter.toComponentsPropertyFilter` - for stripping out presentation data from filter for usage with `usePropertyFilterBuilder`.
- `PresentationInstanceFilterPropertyInfo` - data structure defining a property used in instance filter.

Also, moved a couple of beta APIs to a common namespace to make them more discoverable:

- `convertToInstanceFilterDefinition` -> `PresentationInstanceFilter.toInstanceFilterDefinition`,
- `isPresentationInstanceFilterConditionGroup` -> `PresentationInstanceFilter.isConditionGroup`.
```
